I built a Doomstyle prototype with AI
[music] and then I made all the sprites
super fast. I used cursor with codeex by
OpenAI to generate a Doom clone and once
it was playable, I [music] jumped
straight into making prototype assets.
Step one, making the hand. You can
either use the create image tool with
just a text prompt or take a reference
image of a first person hand and turn it
into pixel art or use it as a reference
with the Procreate image tool. The goal
is a simple, readable firstperson hand
that works for prototyping. [music]
Step two, adding the pistol. For this, I
used the edit image pro tool and a text
prompt [music] telling it to add a
pistol to the hand. Because you're
editing the same image, the perspective
[music] and lighting already match. Step
three, animating the shot. I used
animate with text to create a quick
shooting animation. Just a few frames,
but it already feels like a Doom style
weapon. For the flashlight item you see
on the map before picking it up, I used
the normal create image tool. Same thing
for the pistol. And I [music] used edit
image again to add the flashlight to the
hand. Finally, I just flipped the
original hand sprite so I had both a
right and left hand in the game. One for
the gun, one for the flashlight. If you
want to prototype this fast, check out
Pixel Lab and start making your game
assets with AI instead of getting stuck
on